c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\SendGrid.CSharp.HTTP.Client.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\SendGrid.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot_v2.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot_v2.Data.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot_v2\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot_v2.LogicLayer.pdb
